Updated the upgrade tutorial (#935)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/upgrade-contract.md

- You should be familiar with [writing smart contracts](/writing-contracts), [on-chain contracts](/dapp-dev-guide/building-dapps/sending-deploys/), and [calling contracts](/dapp-dev-guide/writing-contracts/calling-contracts) on a Casper network
- You are familar with the [counter tutorial](/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/counter-testnet/walkthrough) and the [example counter repository](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/)

## Contract Versioning Flow {#contract-versioning-flow}

The following is an example workflow for creating a versioned contract package. Your workflow may differ if you have already created the contract package and have a handle on its hash. 

1. Create a contract in the most common way, using [new_contract](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/contract_api/storage/fn.new_contract.html)
2. Add a new version of the contract using [add_contract_version](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/contract_api/storage/fn.add_contract_version.html)
3. Build the new contract and generate the corresponding `.wasm` file
4. Install the contract on the network via a deploy

> 5. Verify that your new contract version works as desired

Reviewer: After listing these steps, link somehow to the first version of the counter contract as an example. Then, you can introduce the second version of the counter.

> In this tutorial, we will be using [version two of the example counter contract](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/master/contract-v2/src/main.rs) to demonstrate the upgraded workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will use [the second version](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/master/contract-v2/src/main.rs) of the counter contract to perform the upgrade.
```

    runtime::put_key(CONTRACT_VERSION_KEY, version_uref.into());
```

> This [simple counter example](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v2/src/main.rs#L105) shows you a contract package that can be versioned.

Reviewer: The intention is to point to version 1 of the contract package, not the contract-v2. Please update the link and the explanation to clarify this intention.

Author: Done

[Install the contract](../building-dapps/sending-deploys.md#sending-the-deploy) on the network via a deploy and verify the deploy status. You can also [monitor the event stream](../building-dapps/sending-deploys.md#monitoring-the-event-stream-for-deploys) to see when your deploy is accepted.

To observe the upgrade workflow you can install [the counter contract-v2](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v2/src/main.rs). If you explore the code, you will observe the different versions of the contract.
- contract-v1 is the counter contract you can see in the [counter tutorial](/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/counter-testnet).

> - contract-v2 is the contract with the new entry point called counter_decrement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- contract-v2 is the contract with the new entry point called `counter_decrement`.
```

This is just a suggestion, it might make the entry point name more clear.

> - contract-v2 is the contract with the new entry point called `counter_decrement`.

Reviewer: This explanation seems to fit better somewhere in the introduction. Here we can simplify and point only to the second version of the contract. 
When you refer to the Wasm files, say "contract-v1.wasm" or "the first version of the contract".

Author: Sounds good.

:::note

> Installing contract-v1 as shown in the [counter tutorial](/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/counter-testnet) is a prerequisite before installing contract-v2.

Reviewer: We already have this in the prerequisites. You could add this note there and remove it from here.

Reviewer: You will also need to fix the links in this file.

Author: I am thinking, the reader may get confused with v1 and v2 terminologies as we have not introduced these yet here in this tutorial. What do you think?

Author: Done!

> Prerequisite for the below commands is that you have already installed the contract-v1 as shown in the [counter tutorial](/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/counter-testnet) before you install the contract-v2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installing contract-v1 as shown in the [counter tutorial](/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/counter-testnet) is a prerequisite before installing contract-v2.
```

:::

> Now, let's deploy version 2 of the contract, which will add the `counter_decrement` entry point to an existing contract package on the chain.

Reviewer: We have talked about using "install" instead of "deploy". Also, use directives instead of "let's" or "we ...".
The entry point is not added to the package; it is added to the contract.
I think we are using entry-point in the docs, please double check.
```suggestion
Next, install the second contract version on the chain. This version contains the `counter_decrement` entry-point.
```

> Now, let's deploy version 2 of the contract, which will add the counter_decrement entry point to an existing contract package on the chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, let's deploy version 2 of the contract, which will add the `counter_decrement` entry point to an existing contract package on the chain.
```

Same as above, just a suggestion.

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key [PATH_TO_YOUR_KEY]/secret_key.pem \
    --payment-amount 5000000000000 \

>     --session-path ./contract-v1/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/counter-v2.wasm

Reviewer: The session path here seems to be incorrect. Please check the command.

Author: Fixed it.

```

> ### Step 5. Verify your changes 

Reviewer: Here you need to talk about the tests already included in the counter repository.
Then, you can also talk about using the CLI to test the changes. But, you will need to cover both ways to test.

Author: Changed the sequence. and added details about already included tests in the counter repository.

> Running the below commands will allow you to observe the new contract entry points.

Reviewer: There is only one new entry point. Use directives.
The Rust CLI should be listed in the prerequisites.
```suggestion
You can test the new entry-point by using the Rust command-line client.
```

> If you run below commands, you will be able to observe the new contract entry points. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running the below commands will allow you to observe the new contract entry points.
```

Get the NEW state-root-hash:

```bash
casper-client get-state-root-hash --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777
```

> Check the new contract entry points. You should see the _counter_decrement_ entry point now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the contract entry-points. You should see the _counter_decrement_ entry point now.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: For all these commands, add a sample output, that is collapsed and can be expanded.

> Let’s check the new contract entry points. You should see the _counter_decrement_ entry point now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the new contract entry points. You should see the _counter_decrement_ entry point now.
```

I think we can remove 'Let's' from before these explanations.

casper-client query-global-state \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --state-root-hash [STATE_ROOT_HASH] \
    --key [ACCOUNT_HASH] -q "counter"
```

> Let's check the version and package details with the latest state root hash:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the version and package details with the latest state root hash:
```

```bash
casper-client query-global-state \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --state-root-hash [STATE_ROOT_HASH] \
    --key [ACCOUNT_HASH] -q "version"
```
```bash
casper-client query-global-state \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --state-root-hash [STATE_ROOT_HASH] \
    --key [ACCOUNT_HASH] -q "counter_package_name"
```

> Call the new entry point and check the results. The below command will call the _counter_decrement_ entry point using package name.

Reviewer: Avoid duplication, simplify.
```suggestion
Call the new entry point, _counter_decrement_, using the package name and check the results. 
```

Reviewer: Ideally you can also show where the package name was set in the first version of the contract.

> Now let’s exercise the new entry point and check the results. The below command will call the _counter_decrement_ entry point using package name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Call the new entry point and check the results. The below command will call the _counter_decrement_ entry point using package name.
```

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key [PATH_TO_YOUR_KEY]/secret_key.pem \
    --payment-amount 5000000000000 \
    --session-package-name "counter_package_name" \
    --session-entry-point "counter_decrement"
```

:::note

There are two ways to call versioned contracts:

1. Calling Contracts by Package Hash​:

> - To call the entry point we wish to access, the contract version number, and any runtime arguments. The call defaults to the highest enabled version if no version was specified. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Calling the contract by package hash requires the entry point we wish to access, the contract version number, and any runtime arguments. The call defaults to the highest enabled version if no version was specified. 
```

- You will find the package hash under the account’s named keys.
 
```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key [PATH_TO_YOUR_KEY]/secret_key.pem \
    --payment-amount 5000000000000 \
    --session-package-hash  [PACKAGE_HASH]] \
    --session-entry-point "counter_decrement"
```

2. Calling Contracts by Package Name​: 

> - To call an entry point in a contract by referencing the contract package name, you can use the session-package-name and session-entry-point. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Calling the contract by its contract package name requires the session-package-name and session-entry-point. 
```

> - This will enable you to access the entry-point in global state by using the put-deploy command. You will find stored the "contract_package_name" into a NamedKey, which we can use in the code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This will enable you to access the entry-point in global state by using the put-deploy command. The "contract_package_name" will be stored in a NamedKey in the account's context.
```

 
```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key [PATH_TO_YOUR_KEY]/secret_key.pem \
    --payment-amount 5000000000000 \
    --session-package-name  "counter_package_name" \
    --session-entry-point "counter_decrement"
```

> :::

Reviewer: This note should be shorter. Simplify it by not duplicating content detailed in another area of the docs. Link to the calling contracts section instead. Two bullet points with links should be enough.

Reviewer: If you want to keep it, take these steps out of the note.

Author: Done

> After calling the entry-point, the count value should decrement by one. You can verify the decrement by querying the network again, but you will need a new state root hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calling the entry-point, the count value should have been decremented. You can verify it by querying the network again using the new state root hash.
```

Author: Done

> Get the NEW state-root-hash:

Reviewer: We repeat this step when we teach or do presentations, but it doesn't work well in written tutorials. Please remove it. It is already highlighted above. 
Review all the occurrences of this command and avoid duplication.
```suggestion
Get the NEW state-root-hash:
```

Author: Removed repetitive content.

> After calling the entry-point, the count value should decrement by one. You can query the network again, however, remember that you have to get a new state root hash. Check if the count was decremented by looking at it with the query argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After calling the entry-point, the count value should decrement by one. You can verify the decrement by querying the network again, but you will need a new state root hash.
```
